Okay, and just to reiterate what we just talked about, we talked about how we want to use it, have one of our GEs be about problem solving with AI, and the idea is you have to come up with a problem, and then you have to iterate with AI until you have a solution to that problem. And for most cases, this will be like a lovable website, but something that is persistent and durable and helps you solve a repeatable problem either in your personal or professional life. And I think that's gonna be really cool, but the thing we're worried about is that people are bad at articulating problems, so it probably needs some prompting to help these students to come up with problems that they can solve, and in the worst-case scenario, this becomes a paint-by-numbers that isn't very useful. In the best case, it shows people that they can solve problems and makes them more valuable to future employers and makes them recognize that they can do anything themselves. Okay, does that capture what we talked about? Yeah, yeah, summed it up neatly. Then the next thing that we talked about is, well, some of the other things we talked about is we were just thinking of little things that people should know who graduate from college how to do with AI. They should know how to make a calendar for a timeline for doing a project with multiple people, they should know how to make an agenda for a meeting, and they should know how to use AI to summarize action items from a meeting and then be able to filter out important from unimportant things. Because, I don't know if you've done this, but when I transcribe meetings and get action items, I end up with way more action items than I really want, because people just kind of off the cuff just say, like, oh, yeah, I should do that. And the AI says, yeah, you should, but they really need to just filter out to the important ones. Yeah. I wonder how they're like general AI skills. I feel like just being able to answer questions, like learn a new topic is honestly something I feel like everyone should be able to do. You should be able to take an area, a word that you don't understand, and then come to a sufficiently high understanding that you could explain it to somebody else. Like you should be able to do that with an arbitrary set of things. You should have it be able to be personalized and you'd be able to know how to get AI to teach you in the way you can learn, so you can learn a word that is unfamiliar to you and be able to explain it to somebody else without the AI. Like, yeah, like that's something I think is really important. Like, yeah, I say this a lot, but there's not an excuse to not know anything anymore. You know, you should be able to have anything personalized taught to you. Like, like there's a word that computer developers use a lot that I don't understand called hydration. Like, yeah, it's gonna take a minute for it to hydrate. I was like, I have no idea what that word means. Oh, that's not an excuse anymore. So I had to go ask AI to teach me how hydration works. And yeah, it's when you load up certain subsystems to be able to run faster with other systems. Hydration. Yeah, I didn't know that. Anyway, but that's a skill that, that's a skill that every educated person should have. Sure, I like it. Other things they should know. They should know which tool. Is it more, you talked a little, oh, go ahead. Oh. Which tool to use. What's that? Say it again, you cut out for a sec. Hello? Okay, I'm here. So sorry when we cut out. Okay, you're okay. You're back. Say, what were you saying? Oh, I'm gonna be in a dead spot here. I'm going up over the mountain. So my bad. Keep thinking. All right, the recording should still get my part so I can just keep talking and you can, and it'll be in the transcript later. Um, what are other things that people should know how to do? I'm wondering if like people should understand like the underpinnings of this in the same way that I feel like they should understand how email works. They should know that like I write something and it goes to a computer and then it goes somewhere else. Maybe that's not necessary. I often wonder like how much underpinning of a technology you should understand to use it. I feel like they should know that large language models are just sentence prediction. That feels like an important thing to know. I feel like it might be a good idea just to have like one objective that is just you can explain how a large language model works. Because I think every educated person should be able to do that. Like you don't need to know all the details, but you should have this basic idea that you're just trying to predict the next most probable token. So that feels like some, and you should know what a token is. You know, like that level. Like it's not like you need to understand how radio waves work, but you should know that TV worked by sending radio waves through the air to your TV. Like that feels like the level of understanding you should have. Other learning objectives. I feel like you should know the names of a lot of tools. Like you should know what a coding editor is and what in how it differs from a hosting website. I don't know. Am I getting too into my own space? Are those things that you think people need to know to have jobs? Yeah. What do people need to know? You can hear me more. Say again. Sorry, can you hear me? Hello? Yo, can you hear me? I can hear you now. Oh, okay, cool. Yeah. Oh, no, the sound. I could hear you. Okay, yeah. Because I'm only getting every few words from you. But I'm just not sure how much knowledge of the underpinnings they should have. I feel like everyone should though, because I don't understand electricity and I use electricity just fine. Right. But I feel like to be an educated person, you should probably like, but if I was going to be an educated person in 1950, would I feel like I need to understand electricity? The problem is, is I feel like you don't need to understand, you don't, in a way at this point, you need to, AI in order to use AI. Yeah. Like, I feel like, like that sentence prediction component, like, the reason. Sorry, you cut out again. About what I heard is that the, oh, sorry, you cut out for a second. The last thing I heard was that sentence prediction part is a reasonable part. Sorry, I may need to just call you when I get. All right, yeah, just call me when you get over the hill. Yeah. Okay. All right, no, this is fun though. I'll keep brainstorming here. Okay, talk to you soon. Bye.
